---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3 Preparing for WODS"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2016-02-06
published: true
labels:
  - E3
---

The goal of a WOD is for one to practice skills and be able to execute the skill within a certain time. The WOD requires you to know what you are doing and for you to do some preparation because you cannot spend a whole hour on a WOD trying to figure out what you are doing and how you will do it. More information can be found at https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/050.variables_data_types/experience-SmartPhoneProducts1_variables.html

In this WOD, I didn't have too much trouble following the directions and finishing the task but I wasn't exactly sure what the end product for WOD 5.1 was so I wasn't sure if I had done it right or not so I had asked a classmate and I amd hoping the end product is right. One thing that slows me down is I go through it and practice then when I have to record it, I seem to make a mistake that I didn't make before and have to spend some time finding it. While practicing, I would write down code I think would work and if it didnt, I would go watch the screencast to see what I am doing differently and why it is wrong. I usually watch it at 1.5x speed so I can get through it and jot down some important notes that may be of help. Every WOD I do about the same process, read through, go through, watch screencast, then ask for help. 

I think something I could do better is watching the screencast again until I understand what is being said, then if I am still having trouble, I ask a frined for help. Also taking better and more detailed notes could be helpful so I don't make random mistakes that slow me down when I do end up recording. 
